[DOCUMENTATION] mailbox/cassandra table structure and denormalization (#608)
apache/james-project: mailbox/cassandra/doc/README.md

# Cassandra implementation for the mailbox

This file attempts to provide information useful to mailbox/cassandra developers.

## Table structure

![Table structure chart](table_structure.png)

Can be edited using [this source file](table_structure.drawio) on [this website](https://app.diagrams.net/).

This file should be edited everytime the table structure is modified.

## Approach regarding denormalization

> The Cassandra mailbox is heavily relies on denormalization. The same data is stored several time, in distinct tables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cassandra mailbox is heavily relying on denormalization. The same data is stored several times, in distinct tables,
```

> to satisfy the various read access patterns. Of course, the various table can become inconsistent between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to satisfy the various read access patterns. Of course, the various tables can become inconsistent between them.
```
